Lord Saintess
Meet the Saintess
Meet the Lord Saintess Meet the Lord Saintess
Big move
I care about you in the next life
Offense does not allow training
You don't deserve to die
Bold Yang Fan didn't kneel when he saw the saintess
Lord Saintess is here
I see who can keep you this time
Lord Saintess, wine and meat complain
This person is the culprit
He deserves to die and implores the Lady Saintess to call the shots for us
I implore the Saintess to call the shots for us
Lord Saintess, this person is deceiving the public
Calamity Week
You deserve to die.
Ask the Lady Saintess to order him to be killed
Lord Saintess, this person has caused the damnation
Must be killed
I'll kill you first